We have a place up there.
On the different thing in the car.
And the company is here on the set.
But as a great effect, the company reflects.
The people have.
For us, the legend's power is a very good balance of stuff.
If my male is getting indicated,
I can tell you that the chairman left
the people are switching hearts.
Of the public's work.
Of the cultural repetition.
The fact that him, Antonin, he has the same.
With our total job.
By any means.
We have a lot of work to do.
Motion offered by 100.
I would.
Better give.
If I.
Shelters one island.
Of two.
And they say,
news that we have enough to be.
From the well.
Because I have to be a white watcher.
I can assure you.
That's a send them apart.
There's an on the same.
And the other witnesses have evidence.
There will no additional light.
On the son of a thief.
I will remember the committee.
What?
Both who have appeared in other section of necessary.
To bring out all the facts.
But Mr. Chairman.
We have a great opportunity.
To the American people.
In looking at your role.
Our prestige in the world.
To be effective.
By the hearings going on the pop up room.
Then the Senate office.
In such a big of our.
American form of government.
There's been more.
By the hearings going on.
In the pop up room.
I have 20 agree.
Then any person.
As I charge his meeting in town.
To have an awful opportunity.
To refuse those charges.
I say Mr. Chairman.
That this vehicle.
Call me in upper.
As personally best.
Then the continuation of the hearings.
Week after week.
Month after month.
Chairman.
Come again.
All right.
Go on.
Mr. Chairman.
I'd like to be very honest.
As the chairman of.
Some days ago.
I was about to get them.
I was about to be accepted.
Mr. Chairman.
If I'm wrong.
Tell me.
I was contacted.
I said by the phone.
I think that's what I was in time.
Would they be quite.
Or I accept.
They change.
I was accepted.
In this document.
I reluctantly accept them.
I think I'm in clearly a.
I hope the power I hate did not favor his changes.
There's these who are his conditions for.
I'm putting down the hearings.
I would reluctantly accept.
I was told to accept.
I remember the committee.
I was.
Sorry.
My senior grade.
I remember good and bad.
My career is a judge.
I was shocked.
When I found out that the wealth came in here.
And made the statement that this resolution was new to him.
And after he had the making suggestions for the new narrative.
After he had approved, apparently approved the document.
Mr. Chairman.
I am not going to say he was acting in bad faith.
I thought the thumbnail has to work with him to decide that.
I would like to make a suggestion.
All for an early summer time.
To tell him the question of how we could start from here.
We never asked a single question of what.
It is now for a timely afternoon.
So I have more people to take in the media place.
We have 20 months.
All day to day to ask questions.
I would suggest that you just cannot deal.
In any manner, paper forums, where they wealth,
who consistently make offerings.
And then you come to hear what's on the act before television.
I think Mr. Chairman, that's in this report.
Mr. Welk could be put on the stand.
He could be asked why.
He had the original suggestion.
And then Welk done that.
Why he made the suggestion for the changes.
Which I was very shocked and I was lucky we did.
And why after I accepted those changes.
He came before this committee and told us that.
That this was a new document and the new document about Mr. Chairman.
May I say that I think that they complete waste of time.
No, I don't think that's anything.
I just, today, I think today,
unless the motion of the federal law is accepted.
I think the waste of time to do any attempt at dealing with Mr. Welk is purpose.
The purpose of the committee is that the atoms are not fair.
They succeeded in selling the investments that come in the past.
By making their fear of packing upon my staff and upon me,
it is now clear that Mr. Welk, the attorney for the future of the atom,
is not acting what I would call good play.
When he keeps me at the phone for two hours,
I finally accept, accept what he thinks of the proper document he comes in here
as I never saw before.
Mr. Chairman, I urge, I urge that after this motion is acted upon
that we have no more dealings no more conversation about how we can pose the hearings
that we hear all the witnesses.
We hear all of them, the public,
our last Mr. Welk we've called.
And ultimately Mr. Chairman, I would like to make this request.
Any questions we are able to give Mr. Day, Mr. Chairman,
and be able to practice this committee of acting only hearing only about four hours a day.
We have a fact that we have an investigation,
and we would be working on six-base links with suspected invitations
and sending our prosecutions about to get out.
We will practice as of this very moment,
at 410-unlay, 10-1954, there are roughly a hundred and some thirty come in any fun plants
I'm going to have to share the call and meeting other committees.
Now after permission then,
that the reason the reason we are working with,
we are originally passed through with our little hearings,
our lives within progress, I'm sure that I have asked the voter to mess.
My little friend,
self-advocable, four of these names,
no matter what we,
my little eyes, that was the still-abusting of procrastination that may take months.
Mr. Chairman, I think it's urgent that I have the commission of the committee.
I'm not asking for it here, but I can exactly expressly commission of the committee.
The whole hearings every evening, every Saturday,
not only necessary,
but on Sundays in the fun plants,
because of nothing you do with the military,
and I ask the chair to call out executive commission on its earliest convenience.
So even while this purpose is going on,
we may be able to defeat these puppets of Mr. Welts,
Mr. Adams, Mr. Sivins, and proceed to dig out formulas,
even during this process.
I think I've been getting it to Martin Currius.
I think I'm entitled to be heard at least for this exam.
Unless my lady is free,
she's assigned it to Ms. Johnson,
said that I was on the telephone to him for something I thought of a gentleman.
The president of the Council can also have a good knock-up to him during his games,
or if any other time.
I did not talk for Mr. Currius.
I did not talk for Mr. Jenkins,
and I did not say I did not talk for any senator sitting on the side of the desk table.
Yes, ma'am, Mr. Johnson.
You will be prepared for making this.
The day was not until the most best.
The same change of the business documents.
Were those changes made at your first suggestion to me when I was a witness?
You mean you knew nothing about being honest?
They were not.
I did not even fear of any of those changes before until I came to this room.
If it's like you know what I did, I used to run,
and I laid down on a bread long house in my room with my head on the ground and wet.
Many years to share, it's a decision.
For the share of the needs, we keep your thesis as well.
Mr. Chairman, you know nothing about it?
No, no, Mr. Chairman.
Good to hear from you, Mr. Chairman.
Good to hear from you.
Mr. Chairman.
Yes, ma'am, I have a question.
I'll say it's like you have a question.
I have a question.
I have nothing for this, Mr. Chairman.
It's very important.
Ma'am, ma'am, ma'am.
I have a question.
This is a callocate between the needs.
This time is very important.
This is a business name.
I'm going out of order.
Mr. Chairman, it seems to me that we should not proceed to take the vote on the resolution or on the motions.
And then, actually, quite immediately, I'm pleased with the presentation of the proof which I hear.
The chair of the committee on the日days.
The chair of the Parliament, Paul Rowe, the chair of the chair of the Parliament, is appointed from the Parliament that he has been appointed.
Mr. Chairman, it cares about your answer to the committee's request.
The chair has consistently told that whatever any of the members of the committee has come forward and he has advised the request for a meeting of the committee to be called to consider.
Now, as they want to give before us to require that meeting, and he will call the meeting to send it to his request.
The motion is suggested in the chat time.
Mr. Chairman, would you like to have a vote?
Mr. Chairman, Mr. MacIvich.
It's a very important point here.
I have just made the statement that I had received telephone calls.
I could buy my phone at noon, and I was like to believe I'm not going to name the conference as we did it.
The conference was actually a funny start, but the chairman I had received from anything like finance.
Right, thanks.
The chairman I had received from the committee.
Mr. Chairman, may I have any questions?
Okay, may I have any statements?
That over two hours of noon, I was being told repeatedly by the television members.
So, allow me to believe that these changes will suggest a benefit of health.